1.)Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
-what is better after break up junk food or healthy food?
-Can consuming alcohol count as a food after break up ,even though it’s a liquid?
-Do states matter?
2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
Google Trends
3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.
a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
-100,jan 31 – FEB 28,2025
b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
Nov 30 -Dec 31,2024- 65
4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).
a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip? 100 , apr 30 -  may 31,2024 –   68 nov 30 – dec 31
b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
Low-22 High - 34
5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed. including another variable will compare it to the original item. That’s why the interest over time will change.
6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).
a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger? The hamburger decreases as the break up topic increases.
b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake? It seems that milkshake stays neutral until near 2025 it spiked up even with break up staying normal.
7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article? My suggestion is that the article isn’t as accurate to data searches.
8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”
a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake? Alabama
b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger? South Dakota



